Lazywait - October 28 
VIEW RECORDING - 172 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Z2K_x9-n4Q-xLzPA61tw1hH_C3CKD1TK

---

0:01 - Tahani Duwieb
  Hi. Hi, how are you?

0:07 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Good, how are you?

0:10 - Tahani Duwieb
  Thank you.

0:19 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I start.

0:21 - Asad - Lazywait
  How are you? I'm good. are you?

0:24 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Also good. was your weekend?

0:28 - Asad - Lazywait
  Good, good, I'm good. how was your honey?

0:32 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'd like to talk about your family.

0:35 - Asad - Lazywait
  I love your family.

0:38 - Tahani Duwieb
  Yeah, because I feel super-indulied in a given teller.

0:41 - Asad - Lazywait
  Just a moment. I think my life is too bad.

0:51 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  So we're waiting for a couple other people to join. But before they join, maybe okay. I see you, Seth, joining.  We're waiting for butter as well. So before butter joins, just want to again remind why we're here. So, Assad, we will be writing a case on your business.  And we have an agenda that I sent you, the questions that we want to cover that would be related to the market that you were operating to hear history, the history of the company, and some other questions that I've already shared.  I am going to be recording this meeting so that we can take notes. It's for internal purposes, we will not be sharing this recording with anyone.  So I hope it's fine with you, otherwise it's going to be difficult for us to write. Is that okay?

1:51 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes, it's okay.

1:54 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Okay, amazing. I'm going to start recording. This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, all right. So I think it would be great if we start with your story.  So you partially already shared it last time, but maybe we could again recap on how did you start as a person who went to the States and wanted to jump into this entrepreneurial journey.  So can you share a bit more details about your background and how your career has started, including your studies in the States, and then we'll move on to the experience and sounding after that.

2:42 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, okay. From the beginning I was a student at KFUPM, came to head University of Petroleum and Minerals. And I always dreamt to study abroad, but because of my family, my initial year.  situation, it's very difficult to actually go on a prod and study outside. During my beginning of my fourth year at KFUPM, the government just announced the free schooler ship, it's a king out in the schoolerships, to the United States.  I applied, I thought that my father would be resisting going abroad because I'm about to graduate. I was really shocked, it was really great to me.  And I went to US. I went to University of Northern Iowa, in the middle of nowhere. Everybody asking me why I went there, would say it's just luck maybe.  So, one there, and I'm a kind of a person who likes to work. I was fighting to get a job any kind of job I started with working as a custodian in the dining center Just preparing food cleaning Washing the coats for the cooks there Preparing the vegetables every day vacuuming the dining center.  It was really fun. I was just going To the dining center early so early morning. I will go to the campus nobody there parking is just Playing parking no no cars in there I was aiming for more adventure I started applying for something that I'm passionate about which is computers I found a vacancy in the College of Education for Computer Technician I Applied I did the job interview  When I got admitted, I started working with the people there. Usually I go fix printers, computer and new installations, new machines.  started talking with faculty in there. It was really fun. Some time I go to their offices and their actual sheets of the grade in the front of me.  see the grades of people. People they don't have to and then see to close their computer. It was really fun.  I work there for maybe one, two years I don't recall. Since I am a student coming from Prague, was really difficult for us to go and pursue a job outside the camp.  In order to get a job, you need to get a social security card. The jobs inside the university allow me to go.  get a Social Security card. The next level I was applying for a company called John Deere. John Deere is one of the biggest name in US.  It's a corporate. It's a competitor for what they call it, capital. But John Deere is more into a capital, a capital, a capital, a capital.  A capital. Yes.

6:29 - Tahani Duwieb
  culture?

6:29 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes.

6:30 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Agree culture.

6:31 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah. So, tractors to get the crops and so on. I work on the Department of Verification and Validation. Basically, we get, before they release a new software for these tractors, we test them in the simulation lab there.  Basically, my job is to generate a documentation or an actual sheet that has all the combinations of defeats, and we fit that actual sheet to a kind of a testing tool and that tool will test each combination of features to make sure it will go and release and will be stable in the market.  After that, I was lucky to get a summer training job at Saudi Rancu during my vacation, summer vacation. went back.  was bragging to the honest that I'm getting admitted to one of the biggest oil producers in the world. I was really shocked when I was there.  Basically, I was doing nothing. Unfortunately, I still hear from seeing it a lot that maybe they don't trust fresh graduates or students too much to give them more responsibilities and tools.  for me, if I So back in time, I will never go back during the summer and I will stay in John Deere to layer more with them.  So after that, I got graduated from University of North Dakota, Iowa. I got my bachelor degree in computer science.  My father, so I'm telling these things to, for you to know who is the people who influence you or aside to go forward.  My father, his education, stopped at first class of, I don't know, intermediate school. I don't know what they call it, intermediate or middle school.  So he see that he was suffering during his life because of his lack of education. So his goal for his daughters.  son to to get advanced degree. So he was pushing me to continue with the Master of Degree and PhD.  And to be honest, at that time I got sick from being a pro-ed from being away from family and a friend, but he was the person who makes me stay there.  So I went to Chicago to DePaul University to pursue Master of Degree in E-commerce. During this year, this is the years actually they shaped my mind to go for entrepreneurship and for startups.  During the first year, all my family, all my brothers and sisters were studying abroad. I have two sisters, one brother who is studying at Victoria University in Canada, me and my twin were in Chicago, my  Mr. Huar, she was an Atlanta, Georgia, my oldest brother, was a drilling engineer with Saudi around who he was in college and Texas, Houston, a collision station near to Houston.  So my oldest brother, he suggested why we don't start a familiar business. So we are separated now, couple of years later, we will go back home let's do something that gather us again together, work together.  We didn't have an idea at that time. We agreed that every single person will put $100 and we opened the bank account, we transfer every month $100.  Couple of years later, we went back, we started brainstorming. What kind of business we will open. Oh, just before going back, there is something very important.  After I graduated from the Bell University, before one of the great schools that support entrepreneurship, even the projects within the curriculum, they bring real customers, real people, they need real solutions.  So, I started with a non-profit organization for, I don't call it, coordination for women in history or something like that, I have it in my resume.  I developed their own website using management system and then they brought us lady, her name is Stephanie, she is having a business and basically in communication, her business is called Service Speaks.  It says how to, for her, to go to any organization and enhance the discussion. Service they are provided for their customers.  So will organize maybe courses Then With the OPT program optional training program I managed to have a job with a cloud solution company and she got in Chicago Basically, I was working as a software engineer I would call it a startup You're talking about 50 employees in there That guy Who's the founder and the CEO of the company he is basically the person who started changing my mind I Was hired with two other people One is American a US citizen and another one was from outside the the continent of  Anyway, of, I'm not a native speaker, I always felt that I am a little bit behind of these two guys.  And the founder, he likes to go out with the employees. He's always asking me to go out. You know, I am a Muslim.  I don't eat anything. eat, I eat, eat, eat, I eat, I eat, I eat, eat, I I eat, eat, I eat, eat some sweet times at the end of the century, you  To be honest, I don't remember that question, but when he started talking about it, I started to remember. The answer was, I want to go back home to Saudi Arabia to be your own business and start working there.  And that's why I hired you. I said, only crazy people will hire people like this. I'm telling you, I'm going to steal your ID and go back home.  So what happened, he said, because you want to copy my idea, you will actually provide or give me a value.  So if I'm hiring somebody who's going to just do certain tasks and will go home, he's going to wait actually for the end of the month to go get his or her salary.  And that's it, but if I'm high and somebody who wants to actually start a business he wants to learn every single side of the business and even after I decided to Live US for good.  He was fighting big time To make me stay in the company. He was offering me to sponsor me to get the green tar I said no after even after I went back home.  I was working with them online For five hours. I was getting more salary than I got the salary I got from Saudi Aramco when I first joined Saudi Aramco working five hours from home So still I have connection with mr.  is a consultant to me I from time to time I call him to ask him and He's a really great person.  He sold his company for hundreds million for a big corporate, big name and the Cloud Human Resource. So I came back from the US.  We decided to open a coffee shop with my brothers and sisters. We opened a really unique coffee shop and then cut the offensive side of the area.  It was really hit. It was, we're generating insane money. it was due to a lot of rules and regulation by the government, which was really bad rules and regulation at that time.  One of them, you are opening a coffee shop. You are not allowed to get more than three visas. Even if your cafe is more than 300 meters square.  So we were struggling with man-bauer. We ended with working full-time as a second job with all my brothers and sisters.  We come in back from work. We take a rest one of two hours and we head to the cafe share.  The cafe. So we started getting a huge potential people. They are dreaming to stay and drink cup of coffee or get a good serve on our place.  The name is was Hangout. We're getting the name from the American culture, the war that says Hangout. You're getting a quality time with friends or family in there.  So it was big head. People were standing here talking about, about 25% on average waiting and standing. to get served.  Hangout is the meaning of it like you're enjoying your time with people you love in really comfortable place. That's the waiting cause that's actually not making us achieving our vision of the place.  It's becoming noisy and a lot of distractions there. So I was talking to my brothers and sisters. I have an idea why we don't convert the physical waiting into a virtual waiting.  We all overwhelmed with work two jobs two thoughtful time jobs. I said no I said you are trying to get away from working inside the coffee shop there is no  or where we will let you work from home. If you are sincere about your idea, bring your laptop. Whenever you have a slack of time to work on your idea, just open the laptop and start work.  And that's what happened. And just let you something about me. I'm number five between my brothers and sister. I'm the one in the middle, exactly in the middle.  They all, they always, they call me lazy. I'm the laziest person of the family. Maybe lazy waiters, I can't bring that.  It's a relation to my nickname when I was in school. So they think that I'm trying to be lazy, not to work with them.  So I brought the laptop and I started. started to quote. The LVB was invented inside a business. So it is coming from a direct pain.  So I started doing it within a couple of weeks. What happened? There was a screen, TV screen showing the waiting, on number of waiting, and people started to call us before they come.  Please add us to the waiting list. And from our website, it's a website only from our side. We pick up the phone calls and we put the people with their phone numbers.  And when we are ready to serve them and the table is ready, we send them notification saying there order is ready.  So it's really a simple idea, but it's impacted the huge. We started collecting our customers for number. Imagine, like Big Corbret, they just, maybe one year ago or two years ago, started to to hit on loyalty, collecting customer information.  People loved it. And my brothers and sisters start to believe in it. So they started giving me a slack.  I told them, I will start developing our own mobile app for Hangout Company, where customer, they can add themselves, remove themselves from waiting.  They can check their loyalty points, they can check the news and so on. I went home and started from working from home.  At that time, I'm a software engineer who in more mobile, mobile app and websites. I have no clue about, sorry, not mobile app.  I'm specialized as website. Software engineers specialize on the website. I have no clue about mobile app. Only one course I talk in NDPOL University in iOS development, but I have no clue I have, I haven't done that before.  For two weeks, you're talking about just watching YouTube videos for eight hours a day. Even I felt when I close my eyes, I feel it's scratching something, it's dry.  within couple of months, we released our app. At that time, I wasn't thinking clearly. I'm just giving a competitive advantage for our coffee shop.  People they start asking, who did that? How can you... to do that. No, this is exclusive for Hangout, Kefishab.  I'm not going to do it. And one time I was broke.

23:09 - Tahani Duwieb
  And one of my friends, he came to me, said, Oh, this business wants your solution for $4,000.

23:17 - Asad - Lazywait
  And I was, I want to extra income. So I started selling it. At that point of time, it's your, you're talking about you finish your MVP.  That's out. That's without getting into entrepreneurship courses without thinking about this. It's an MVP developed inside real business, overcome real pain.  And then you reached market with fit without actually going and chasing these steps and entrepreneurship kind of plan. So starting selling it.  and my brother and sister said, okay, what if we open an IT solution company? So he said, okay, I don't have any money, I will work with my effort and I participate with my effort and you are with your money.  They at the beginning they asking 80% for them and 20% for me and I was little aggressive, said 50-50.  But if I go back in time I would say 95% for you. I wasn't thinking about distress and how difficult it is to actually grow a startup.  It's painful, it's challenging, painful, fun, entertaining, all of these but it's challenging right now what I'm Telling my brothers and sisters, you sacrifice this tiny money.  But what as I'd sacrifice money, money, time, effort, health, all of these, actually, it's, it's the cost of being an entrepreneur.  I know. I'm really happy with my life. I don't even regret to going into the entrepreneurship. So at that same time, I was working with Saudi Aramco.  During my time with Saudi Aramco, so some of the information I'm telling, I know you're recording, but it's, it's confidential.  I was working with Saudi Aramco and I'm one of the greatest value in my personality that I don't get really comfortable if I'm being rewarded of something I don't do.  So I was a great person at Saudi Aramco. Everybody loves me. I don't make a problem personally. I know and understand if I have a conflict with better, for example, it's a business whether it's not sub-personal.  For personal things, I don't have issue with people. So people loved me. In 2017, I wrote my resignation letter.  I sent it to my supervisor. He was looking at me. And there was an internal issue within a company that a young person submitted his resignation because of a problem just a couple of weeks before me.  And I haven't. I don't know about this. So he said, okay, aside, if there is two young people resigning from same group, there will be an investigation.  And it will hurt me. And I love my supervisor. And he understand that, you see, I know understand, aside you're working on this and a planning for this, but can you do this for me?  I say this, okay? Couple months later, I submitted my resignation again and it went to the manager. At that time, the manager was Dr.  Samyan Nehem. Dr. Samyan Nehem, he is, I don't know if he is still the, what they call it, it's a big organization for oil.  I don't remember. The touch on the manager will, will not person. He is the director of one of number one organization.  in oil and gas, not, not obic, not something else just below it. Anyway, he told me, I saw it.  What can I do to make you change your mind and not resign from Saudi Arabia? I said nothing. But he said, what if I give you two months and pay, go work full time in your company.  At that time, my company is not generating anything even one single hella. It's nothing. I don't know what will happen.  I have in my mind, I have a plan that my benefits from Saudi Aram who will last me about 20 years.  So I went and paid two months. I get back. went to Dr. Sami said, I'm committing to my resignation.  So, I left Saudi Aramco, it was really great. I still connecting with my colleagues at Saudi Aramco. just visited them two weeks ago.  They always asked me, I'd come back, come back. No, I'm not coming back. It was my list on my life.  So, at that moment, things getting changed with place of work. I was working 100 times with Saudi Aramco. Now I'm working 200 times.  So, it was really great. started forming a team, really solid team. So, I don't want to go further with it.  don't know. I don't want to miss with your questions. This is basically until I left with Saudi Aramco.

30:00 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I think we can just go with the free flow and then if we feel like something is missing we'll just ask.  the story that you're telling is amazing and I think the way you put it is. Is there a good actually.

30:14 - Tahani Duwieb
  So maybe you know Ahmed al-Ahamdulillahm, he's in the bottom.

30:20 - Asad - Lazywait
  I know Ahmed al-Ahamdulillahm, don't know the name of his business. Ahmed al-Ahamdulillahm, he was a full-aid of mine. He was working in the same group I'm working with Saudi Aramco but he is working with a contractor.  I think he's working with the Halliburton or he has his own business. He has his own business and he's working also at full-time with I think Halliburton or Shlamberg era, one of these service providers.

30:53 - Tahani Duwieb
  Because I hear that, me and all of you.

30:56 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah I know Ahmed, was working. In the beginning, was working with Saudi Aramco in a department responsible for real time.  So all these rigs drilling for oil, they are connecting with Saudi Aramco in a quarter, it's through something called V-SAT.  It's a satellite transmit data from rigs all around Saudi Arabia to Saudi Aramco. So we have vendors, we call them contractors, service providers, Saudi Aramco, is Shlambarjev, Helperton, BitroLink and so on.  He's working with one of these companies that he's working under the department of real time in Saudi Aramco. So I was working with him.  Yeah.

31:53 - Tahani Duwieb
  Yeah. Did he utilize the Yani? are in a unique place. but you can make a huge number of business relationships with different people among Gharam Kwan, their contractors, etc.  Have you get any benefits from them or any kind of support or ideas, solutions, etc. Best only good relationship what you have with the people?

32:22 - Asad - Lazywait
  Of course, Okay. Yeah, I made a good number of my colleagues from Saudi around who they are, Angela, investors in South and Lazy.  This is one thing. For the business side, yeah, I made when I submitted my resignation, the division had been at that time.  He told me, I was living a great life in Saudi around people. People they trust me even in Saudi around who we have a cubic house.  Young person who has an office, not an cubic house. So, some of people, even my brother, my oldest brother, his five years older than me, just two years ago he got his own office.  So, I was living life luxurious, even my division head, is a confidential. He told me, as had we cannot lose you, what if you close your door and you work for your business inside the office?  Nobody will know. So, at that time I told him, no, I want to be a successful person. This is my part of my ethical values that, no, I'm not going to work inside Saudi Aramco and getting paid for something I don't deserve.  Sorry, I cannot do that. So, yes, there is a lot of benefits. I'm at one of the great connections I made inside Saudi Aramco.  Still, I'm getting I'm getting paid I'm working on something inside Saudi Aramco. Right now we just get certified by SAMMA, the central bank, Saudi payment to provide something called SoftPOS, we are a fintech company.  Inside Saudi Aramco, almost, almost, in all the buildings inside Saudi Aramco, there is small cafeterias on there. Right now these cafeterias belong to our, the contract, the contract belongs to Atimemi.  So we're trying now to communicate with Atimemi, where through good connections we need to apply for a contractor in Saudi Aramco.  Anything that can be brought by a Saudi company, the Saudi Aramco, through their program called ECTIFA. ECTIFA is a program by Saudi Aramco, any product or  of the scan be provided by a Saudi company, Saudi Aramco can force the contractor to use it. So we're right now trying to communicate with Tim Amy and create a contract to provide a contract.  Yes, subcontract to. So Tim Amy, he has coffee, a cafe inside every single building. But the system for payment is brought by, I don't know, a non-service provider.  So we're trying to just replace their hardware and software with Lisewood. So these are some of them. And one thing, I'm trying to get away from oil and gas.  I don't like oil and gas. One of the values, I'm from the eastern side of Saudi Arabia. What I think the economy of the country should be  universe. in the Eastern province, any business, any person thinking about opening a business, it's all about oil, I guess.  They want to be contractors and sides are there. That's why I decided to go away from that. And then at Tijaratu, Tishatu, Ashar, so I believe that which is the things we are doing is something really fun.  I was working with Saudi Aramco. They enrolled me in a program called Subtitian planning or something? DDP. DDP.

36:43 - Tahani Duwieb
  DDP.

36:44 - Asad - Lazywait
  Or professional development planning or planning.

36:48 - Tahani Duwieb
  It's like Subtitian planning.

36:50 - Asad - Lazywait
  The orientation, something like orientation, I'm coming from IIT background, I'm working with oil and gas industry. bought me in a kind of  academic program that accelerate my knowledge in oil and gas. I took courses in geology and geophysics and petroleum engineering and all of these.  I hate it. I'm a computer guy. When I started working with DZWIC, I'm working with computer with food. Who doesn't love that combination?  So it's really fun. Even here people, when they come to work with us, one of the major strengths in Lazyweight is the ability to actually keep people and bring people in IT.  So people working on here, when they go out and have a dinner or lunch from anywhere, when they got their receipt, they see their work.  It's amazing. While working with oil and gas and the company extracting oil and you go with your phone, you know, this chip has an oil that has something related to me.  It's not something really clear to see, but people when they work and see, oh, I got my order really fast, oh, he got an ISM saying, you've ordered already, or it's something related, every single person in Saudi Arabia get actually interacted with solutions in food and beverage.  This is really great. So, Thailand, let me talk about Thailand. I started at the beginning, you know, I was really young.  I don't know how to attract people. I have this values. I was seeing that our community, I was comparing US Mexican  with cyber culture. When I was in the US, you see this ads in the board going to your class, or we're small, smart startup, we're looking for a third guy to work and help us in coding or something like that, and people they work for.  When I started the company, I don't know how to actually post a job at higher, finding the right team and so on.  Basically, it was luck. At the beginning, I started to put advertisement for jobs here in Saudi. There is big percentage people they want to work to get maybe allowance if they didn't find a job or something that  they got income. They want to any kind of opportunity to get an allowance at the end of the month.  I was really nice, you know, female male communication back then. I'm talking about 2014, even though I'm coming from the US, I didn't know how to deal with females.  So I remember my first experience, I hired two ladies. One of them, I know and still I wish I can bring her back.  She's really smart. She has, she is really good, but the other lady, I didn't know her value. She always staying with the smart lady.  And they do work together. like school, it's not like a company, it's like a more into And I was so nervous inside.  So I'm telling you myself, I'm really lack of resources. Money is a big issue for me. And I don't know about the other ladies she's working or not.  And at that time I was still working with Saudi around by didn't resign yet. And I was in a course, they bring a really old guy.  is conducting courses and project management. He is from South Africa. Originally from Greece, he's a really great one. I was talking to him.  I have this issue outside Saudi around. So one of your issues is that you need to boot tasks and assign to them to people and boot timeline.  I went there and still one of them might always be. employees is working still with lazy wait he said I remember that that day I went there I stayed in the meeting room I said okay uh Fatima you will do this this this this is the timeline for you did it line for you and this is for awesome and so on what happened next day the lady I was thinking she is not working she came to me she is submitting her resignation so one of the things I learned over the time handling the team I don't like to uh to fire people but one of my responsibility to make your life like hell for I'm trying to achieve one of one one of two things maybe you're a good person  person, you need toughness to go and work as supposed to work. If you are a good person, you will continue and you will fix your things.  If you are not good, you will ask for your submitting your resignation. Unfortunately, this is not always the case.  People you have the right to start up. So people, sometimes they come to the team and they are sick people, they put all the product, the team and in a miserable situation.  I have been into this so many times. I'm so picky in terms of team members. I don't have to think one, two, more times.  I like risky people. I'm a risky person. entrepreneurship part of the meaning is risk data. So one time I remember I was communicating, I got sick of our industries as specialized industry.  When hiring people and sales, teaching them is time consuming. So what we are doing at one point of time, I said to my team, why we don't hit on our competitors employee.  So I started hitting on them. Six months later, one of the people I started to communicate with us through LinkedIn, he said, I'm really interested if you are in the reality, do a meeting.  I was in a really tough situation. Maybe at that time I met with you in the reality. He came to me and co-working space in El Mosif.  Hey El Mosif, I was there. He came to me, I was, I had no budget for him. at all.  I don't have even salary or allowance for any person joining please do it. He came to me seems a really great person he has the knowledge he has experience.  He was I did the interview I was really comfortable with it the personality side he's really great team player and so on.  I told him instead of the sector and fortunately we don't have any resources to hire you. If you're gonna work with us no salary for two months you are welcome to join us.  I will give you your time and your effort is appreciated what I can do for you I will give you 10% in every single year you close and you will get the commission every single month it's not a quarter it's not semi-annual it's not here  And there will be no cap on the there is no goal or anything. He accepted. I told him when you can't start.  He said tomorrow.

46:16 - Tahani Duwieb
  I told him why he accepted. Why he accepted? At the Sita. He doesn't have any other options.

46:23 - Asad - Lazywait
  He has options but he knows lazy weight. He is working with a competitor. He sees sometime they lose deal because lack of features they have and he was working with Maran.  Maran Pios. They lose deals because they are lack of so accepted features that lazy weight has and he knows that he he is losing some of the customers to lose it.  So he knew he knows he can't sell. He was really confident that he can't sell.

47:00 - Tahani Duwieb
  our product. Yeah, and he left one of your competitors to join the way.

47:05 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes.

47:06 - Tahani Duwieb
  Yes. Okay.

47:07 - Asad - Lazywait
  So I told him what are you doing today? He said nothing. Can you start today? Where is your laptop?  Said in the car, go and bring your laptop. And he got higher. Now he got salary, he got commission, he got everything.  I like so what when one of the criteria that I'm telling people people they come to work with with lazy with if you trust yourself, you are confident about your skills and your your value.  Risk. Risk. is not only money. Investment is more than money is time. If you invest in your stuff. So I have right now, I have about six people.  They came to lazy with a summer training. training students. Now they are continuing us with us as a part time.  And they are working on their last semester at the school. And they are so nervous.

48:14 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'm sorry, I'm sorry. They start with you as a trainer. you convert them as a partner. That is an agreement between the end and the season.

48:27 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  No, no.

48:28 - Tahani Duwieb
  timers.

48:28 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Part timers. So they were in turns and they then turned to part timers.

48:34 - Asad - Lazywait
  Part timers.

48:36 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Not partners.

48:38 - Tahani Duwieb
  I hear it's not.

48:40 - Asad - Lazywait
  Sorry.

48:41 - Tahani Duwieb
  It's a partner.

48:42 - Asad - Lazywait
  So right now they are so nervous about their exams. so I was seeing them this. What's your goal? Why you are doing a degree?  What's your goal? it to get a decent job. If you are currently in a decent job, what's your goal?  So what I'm telling them that the school is one of the criteria that you need to fulfill to get a decent job.  You are at the last semester of your school. Yeah, and what is case scenario, what you'll happen? You get bad grades.  It's a community GBA. Okay. So your GBA will be down little bit, but I'm telling you, I'm owning a staff, I'm CEO.  I don't care about this. I will give you two examples. There is one guy who graduated with 4.0 and he has no experience.  Another guy, for example, I graduated with 3.0 out of 4. He's working with a startup will not start up for the last six to ten months.  And at the point, he does the interview, interview, he's still working with that company. So he has the credibility.  He shows commitment. You are showing commitment. You are with the company, well-known company, and you're still working with there.  you show commitment. You can provide references. And for me, as CEO, definitely I will go with the guy with experience.  I have a master degree, but I think, I believe, I wasted my time with the master degree. Because my belief is that the school gives you a tool.  Toolbox. That toolbox, you can do the magic with it. You can be electrician, mechanical, engineer, you can be a software engineer, you can do anything with that tools.  But every time imagine that you are just collecting toolbox with a bachelor degree, master degree, PhD. I don't, I'm sorry Annie, I know you're academic people, but this is my point of view Annie.

51:20 - Tahani Duwieb
  I have not the case, but I'm not the case.

51:25 - Asad - Lazywait
  It depends, it depends for me if my goal to go and do a research, for example, to help people, to enhance the life of people.  Yes, I will go for PhD. If I have a mission in my life, I'll go in my life to find a cure for cancer, for example.  Yes, go for it. But if you are thinking for a job, no, this is not the path you need to talk.  Experience, I value experience more than education. I'm sorry Annie to say that, but this is my... my value. A lot of people they clash with me when I say that because this is the experience I got when I went to for DePaul University, what I studied, the same thing I studied in my patch of the degree but more discussion, more, yeah, any little bit expanded but always they say that, always whatever information in textbooks are obsolete and outdated.  When you go to the real life it's really different. So that's what I'm telling them. You are having, so everybody they pass by lazy weight and work as they are working in the technical side or in the development, I challenge every single person that they will get a value that will never get it anywhere else.  But if somebody coming to training for example says, or business side now, I don't guarantee that. This is our specialities, this is our strength IT things.  So everybody they come to Lazy with, they get comfortable. have people they want to get back to Lazy with, they leave Lazy with, and they want to get back to Lazy with.

53:21 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  So, Assaak, can we go back to the story, please, where you left Saudi Aramcon and you started working on the company.  So what happened next after you left? How was it developing? How were you like getting first clients, building your team?  How was the revenue going? So what was that story?

53:43 - Tahani Duwieb
  And what year was it actually?

53:45 - Asad - Lazywait
  I left Saudi Aramcon made 2017. We were at that time still providing Q management system I got my first system.  client, real client beside hangout, was a seafood drester here in the mom. I don't know if you know people in the mom.  The name is was there was a sayad-Bari. There was a sayad al-Bari. He was using foodics is the competitor.  At that time, we we didn't have any solution for POS. So they used the arbyggi head seafood place. They did three times extension to their shop because of the people.  One major issue, how can lazy weight help them? When you have a place, okay, let's say your place is 100% occupied.  You have a restaurant that has, for example, let's say 50 tables. And every single day, the 50 tables occupied.  80% of the time. Can you extend your place? Can you take a decision to extend your place?

55:09 - Tahani Duwieb
  It will not be beneficial, I believe, because they should what's not about the place capacity. the band of you have more data.

55:20 - Asad - Lazywait
  lazy weight was providing data. So if you are, if the 50 tables are co-bied every single day, but you don't have waiting, you don't have waiting.  But if this table are occupied, for example, every single hour you have about 20 people waiting, will you expand your place?  Yeah, that's the value we're adding to the world of Faya del Vahre. So they extended their place a couple of times.  Unfortunately, we are not the time of the oriented people, our culture is so different. The idea wasn't successful. Even some of businesses, they brag about their weighting, showing people weighting outside is kind of advertisement.  we pivoted little bit. We started, and people started coming to Hangout coffee shop they see, they show P.O.A. system on I-Bats.  All these years P.O.A. systems or cash air system on these big, egg-lay VCs. So we started negotiating the company I approached, the company was from Malaysia.  I signed an agreement to be the official seller for them in Saudi Arabia. I started selling their products here.  Saudi Arabia, we clashed with customers. They have bugs in their solution. They are in the middle of their sleep in Malaysia, and we are facing the fire inside here Saudi Arabia.  They have bugs, solution is not working. Nobody answering in Malaysia, we started communicating with them, guys, we need you to allocate.  We are, you have customers here, Saudi Arabia. You have to provide technical support during the big hours. You're sleeping there, it's a big hour in here.  It's a business continuity issue. It's a loss of sale thing. they didn't respond to us, you know, I'm a technical guy.  I'm higher than technical people. Already we are developing an applications and app at that moment in 2017. Right after I left Saudi Aramco, we decided to build our own POS system.  It taught us, when here, in April 2018, 28th, we sold our first POS license. And from that time, our license and the technology we use wasn't that mature.  We need to install the system on Windows machine, the configuration and installation. And when single machine it takes two hours from a specialized technical guard.  So, we bought in our mind that we were going to build our own, rebuild our own solution to actually hit the growth we are looking for.  We are looking for a growth. both in all the countries in the world. So, after a year, we rebuilt the solution as well.  So, we can put the solution on the stores in a state of, we do the configuration and installation ourselves.  people, they will be able to download the application from avastors, Android and so on. The third stage, we decided to go for early advanced technology.  are using React Native. React Native allowing us to develop application on Windows, iOS and Android. Currently, we are the only solution in the Middle East that is actually available in how are we?  Android, iOS, Windows and even Mac machines. We are supporting 22 languages. We are supporting all the currencies. We are supporting  We are still not focusing on growth outside Saudi Arabia, although we have customers in Germany and we have customers in Egypt.  We have downloads from over 24 countries from all over the world using our dimms. We have demo accounts. You can use the solution from a demo account.  We are trying to be an A to Z solution for small to medium size enterprises. currently what's going on in the market, we went to interrupt this model.  If you are having a restaurant, it's overwhelming. First, you will get a POS system because it's the heart and the brain of your solution.  Then you want sales, you will sign contract with the other applications like angerization, India has and so on. These people, hand-gird station for example, they take up to 30 percent.  Imagine up to 30 percent. If you want to operate with them, of course you get to change your prices and hand-gird station.  You will increase because if you don't increase, you are losing money basically. So you will increase your prices. you increase prices, what will happen to your customers?  The strength of purchasing the strength of the customer will go down in a state of I can make two or three from your AR restaurants weekly.  I'm going to do once. And that's impacting the whole ecosystem and the whole area. You want to loyalty system.  You will go with coins and so on. They are charging more than the license of the Pio. system. Every single solution you want to integrate with accounting solution.  It's overwhelming. says you're talking about a tiny restaurants that will have integration with an marketplace application with accounting system.  You name it. You're talking about 30 plus a year. So, in lazy ways, right now we're thinking to hit really hard.  We want to be square in the middle east. Have you heard about the square?

1:02:32 - Tahani Duwieb
  No, no.

1:02:33 - Asad - Lazywait
  Basically, you will get all of our services. We're talking about advanced QR menu with the payment. POS system, kitchen display, integration with accounting, integration with all the marketplace application, integration with payment soft POS, all of these services.  You will get it for a free. We are about to change our business model. We have agreement with the payments of providers.  So, what we are having, we will have a market chair, sorry, a commission or a profit chair from the transaction.  if you go to Bank of Ehele, for example, and you want to ask about your POS, the payment machine from Bank of Ehele.  Bank of Ehele, for example, they will take 0.8% for meta transactions. So what we are doing with Lazyweight, okay.  Get rid of your Ehele machine and take Lazyweight machine. As a customer, still you will be charged 0.8. But what will happen to you, you will get Lazyweight for a free, kitchen, disability, you name it, for a free.  The 0.8, there is a profit chair agreement with a partner. So, Lazyweight will take 0.2. So, 0.2 from a huge number of transactions for Lazyweight, it's a big deal.  So, we are trying to interrupt the market. Big whales and sharks in the market, they cannot accommodate with this in your business model.  You're talking about companies, have thousands of employees, have cost, high really cost. Right now I'm running the company on six full-time people and other six part-timers.  We are hitting big time on automation. We are in a step of automating. So for example, you're talking about one year ago, I had seven people and customer support.  I have one now. So every single ticket we are capitalizing in WhatsApp business. We are integrated with WhatsApp. So you're talking with our WhatsApp account.  Shoutbot will initiate a And we will know you. We will wear your talking from which machine, which branch, what's the problem we are talking about.  It will talk you over procedure, we are injected chat GBT to answer most over 90% of the issue if you have a printer issue or so on.  So only 10% of the issues we are working actually are putting a human to work on it. So we are working big time on automation, even renewals.  If you are about license about to renew, you can renew your license automatically and the license will be extended.  That receipt you will get it automatically in your system. This is the main chain, main differences between us and between the giant.  If you are asking for example for for example for foodics for example. You need to actually communicate with the salesperson and take all of your information, activate a demo account for you with LazyWade.  No, we have all of this automated. We want our goal. It's Saudi Arabia is a milestone for us. But the goal is the goal for LazyWade.

1:06:22 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Okay, so if we talk about competitors, you said, food X, what other competitors do you see and how do you differentiate?  is because of this ecosystem idea and the fact that you cover everything, they call the adjusting processes.

1:06:39 - Asad - Lazywait
  There is a bunch of competitors. Number one, of course, food X. Food X is part of PIF. That's investment was $117 million from PIF and global funds.  You're talking about now, Riva is one of The biggest part of the is more into retail, not food and beverage.  We're talking about Usool, Usool also competitor, Marin, competitor. Marin, one of the challenges, main challenges in Saudi Arabia, I think people they don't know the size of the market, even VCs, they don't know the size of the market.  This is big struggle for a lazy way to raise a fund. For example, we are almost communicated on a submit application with, I would say, 85% of the VCs in Saudi Arabia.  We get this typical email message and they don't have the decency to make an actual face-to-face to meeting to tell us why they are not investing in lazy way.  We get this way regret to inform you, we're not investing in lazy way because markets are saturated. This is the typical answer from the market is saturated.  But I think they don't know the market because all the agencies in Saudi Arabia is actually on our back.  For example, Zatq, the taxation department, is enforcing every single business to have an to integrate with them. Let's start from Shabbat Tillakum, all the guys, know, let's start from Gazestation.  When you go, tell me when you went to a Gazestation and you get a Zatqah abroad payment or something.  Nobody get that. You get a receipt, receipt. You're talking about this is only one sector, it's a typical limit and hundreds of billions.  The size of the Hagel Gaza station only. And they are mandating even these guys. station to use integrated solution with ZACA.  This is one only one business. I'm having it on that business right now. I managed to secure, actually I got a transfer from one of the largest gas station last week.  So you're talking about ZACA, you're talking about Ministry of Commerce, you're talking all about all these agencies, you're talking about Central Bank, moving into cashless transactions, all of these are aligning with these businesses and somebody is just doing research on the market without knowing or being in the market, they said market is saturated.  Service industry, you're talking about beauty centers, salons, even car garage and so on, they don't have even a system, something you call a system to generate.  It's really egg market one thing what happened last year? This busy they said the market is saturated. What happened last year just Acquired moment purest Why we are seeing In institutions from this is anybody talk it So what are we seeing seeing with other side of Businesses they are started investing and P o's Marin acquire sorry jazz acquiring matter Why?  jazz acquiring P.O.S Because they know the market they know Marin is only working in one side of the business where Loyal the heart of every single business is the P.O.S system  When I will call Mr. Abdulaziz Al-Jaw, he is the CEO or founder of Paytaz, he was talking with Ahmad Azayhi, the CEO of Footix, and he was telling him, the money transactions is basing beneath you and you are not capturing anything.  And at that moment Footix started Footix pay. So every single transaction from online, from a call center, a phone, from any source, from a pickup or from a driver's roof, they need to pass by the POS system.  This is decentralized, this is the heart. So we know that we are struggle in terms of resources, one major issue being here in the eastern side of Saudi Arabia.  here, earlier, one point of time during 2017-18, startup from eastern side of Saudi Arabia were the best startups. We're talking about anger station from eastern side.  We're talking about foodics, our competitor. They are from here from Al-Huber. Big names, actually, from Al-Huber. But now there is competition even in the startup.  And even the government, even the government, and even the agencies like Moncha Art and so on, they want to migrate the startup to central side of Saudi Arabia, which is a big mistake, a very big mistake.  I was talking about it. I was having an interview three days ago with Moncha Art. I was talking about this.  I'm a startup. I'm lack of resources. If you move me to Riyadh, I'm just digging my grave. How can I maintain my resources, my employees, if they are getting three, times their benefits, they are getting with lazy weight.  How can I live in Riyadh, whereas the rent and the cost and living expenses, you're talking about three times the month.  This is a great, this is a big issue. If you are not going to support this, if you are not going to support me in accommodation, if you are not going support me in the salaries and the benefits of my employees, why I go to Riyadh.  I went to Riyadh six months myself. I stayed in Riyadh six months. Beside networking, for me there is no value.  For big customers, I can reach them from anywhere in the world. I have customers in 70 cities in Saudi Arabia.  can reach them. If there is a big company and a big name, I just can't. Go and start my car having a trip to Rio and meet them face to face.  So for me it was, I'm not going to do it, even if Slaziwet is a big one. Maybe we have regional sales office in Rio, maybe, but moving the business to Rio, that's a big mistake.  Here is a talent here. There is a great talent in everywhere in Saudi Arabia. But we don't need to go to Rio.  I went to K.A. know, everybody know K.A. the drive through. The K.A. and they have Khupuf and Hala and K.A.  and they have over 500 branches, and Saudi Arabia, and UAE, you name it. There is a quarter and a passive.  I went to Al-Kaseem for my first time in my life. I was really shocked. I went there, it's really great office and talents.  And I was really amazed by the company. I was asking, why do you him? He looked at me to see you, I said, why not, I see him?  We can. We can't operate from anywhere. You need us, you come to us. But I have this mentality, yes.  I'm having this goal to be a global abrand. If I have a global abrand, do I need to exist in every continent?  No. We have really great example of companies that they are going to the global market without being in these countries.

1:15:49 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Okay, interesting. And with regards to the people, you said that they started decreasing the number of headcount. So how was it?  It was you first when... You left Saudi Aramco, you had some family members with you, how was it distributed between you guys and what kind of people have you started hiring and then firing?  Or how was it changing in numbers also?

1:16:15 - Asad - Lazywait
  So my beliefs getting changed in every stage of the business. So when I left Saudi Aramco, I was the only working guy from the family.  And I was suffering, I didn't know how to hire, I was hiring people, giving their allowances and salaries and we don't have any revenue, zero revenue.  And we were talking about 100,000, 200,000 a month. So I was always fighting with the shareholders, with which they are my family.  Even my twin, I'm Jenny, my 10,000, right?

1:16:57 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

1:16:58 - Asad - Lazywait
  I'm just before joining. Lazy with, he was working with us AB and then he left us AB joined a record.  He was working at sales. He was describing Lazy weight as a sinkhole.

1:17:14 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Is it what?

1:17:15 - Asad - Lazywait
  A sinkhole.

1:17:16 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  You know sinkhole? Oh, sinkhole. Yeah, yeah, Like you're losing your money?

1:17:21 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, exactly. So every time we gather as a family member, we fight together. You are taking our money because they they bought a capital.  We started the IT solution company and then because I couldn't actually operate the company, I'm getting money every single month from the coffee shop.  So Lazy weight were basically we're getting their profit. And they don't see potential. I was telling them it's not like I  I have a shop you will put your products in there, you will put them in the shop and you will start selling them, you get revenue.  No, it's not the case with lazy weight. We have nothing. We are building something from scratch. We need to build it.  And then reach market fit and you have to sell. And it was really overwhelming and stressful. From the same time, all people around you questioning you.  They don't know anything about the pain you are going with. Your life is miserable. are maintaining two jobs. don't have time for your kids.  You don't have any time for everybody. And in your weekend, you gather with your family and you fight with them.  It's really stressful. So, we started to grow. We are getting potential. are getting a new achievement. We participated in events.  some Bahrain, we got actually good rankings, we participated in a bit AWS competition, we went fourth place, see the stars, you name it, we getting potential, we get featured in BC, Sub-Ajal Kariya, Arab, people started to believe.  One time, my brother was a Raqir that was in reducing hit counts, so they fired him, and he got another great offer from another great company, but basically his role, he was doing something similar to Elizabeth, and he was a question, and why I do go work with people, I don't know, a company and then  And at that time he was one of the number one people challenging me. He started to align with me.  No one will pay and no one all of these headache. And he's a great support to me. So, family started to believe more.  My sister, Zena, left her company and joined. My sister, Sara, she came from the US after graduation and she joined.

1:20:35 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  What are their roles? They joined as operations or what exactly were they doing?

1:20:39 - Asad - Lazywait
  Tana, she's working as marketing director. She again, since of course, marketing, growth hacking and so on. She was really helping in marketing.  Sara basically she is coming from totally far. business side. She was always laughing about her. Nobody knows her major.  It's something histology or something. Something related to medical side. So I go every time home to visit my family.  I'm seeing her. She came during COVID. I go right before after COVID, little bit after COVID from yours. I go home, I see her situation is miserable.  She has no job. She's just doing nothing. I told why you don't want work with us. We need every single hand with us.  She said I don't know anything about IT. I told her, who told you we need something not about IT?  You will learn. She joined us as, I don't know, it's r slash everything. She learned everything. She was a great support to me.  She, know, accountant, she if she doesn't know anything, she take course on it and learn about it. She she basically she got a chief operation officer title.  And even problems legal problems, she is great on handling them. Unfortunately, Zaina Ben-Sara left about two months ago. I was sitting with them, telling them why you're deciding to leave, please wait.  One of their responses they said, we believe that Lezuet needs more smart person, more specialized people to go to another level.  What I told them, no, that's not the case. Lazy weight needs believers, not the smart people. There is big difference between smart people.  Because the smart people, okay, they will do things into a certain level. Okay, but believers, they will go beyond.  This is what we need. So we are startup. are, yeah, hitting button. Sometimes we go up and down. So we need, you need LP people in all stages of the business.  Smart people, they will leave you basically. This is what happened to lazy weight, yeah, any at the beginning of 2023.  We were running Israel Health financially. One day I was coming happy. I opened my mailbox. Eight resolutions.

1:24:16 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Wow.

1:24:17 - Asad - Lazywait
  Eight resolutions.

1:24:20 - Tahani Duwieb
  Okay.

1:24:20 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  How many people did you have?

1:24:21 - Asad - Lazywait
  How many people did you have in total?

1:24:23 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  So it was you, your brother, your two sisters.

1:24:26 - Asad - Lazywait
  The maximum we had about 35 employees.

1:24:31 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  35. Now we are six full-time and six full-time. And it was like 35 which functions. you had you, your brother, sisters and customer support and what other developers.

1:24:49 - Asad - Lazywait
  We have our city orally.

1:24:52 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Okay.

1:24:53 - Asad - Lazywait
  his team. Again about six people, customer support. support, we have seven people, sales, we have about seven people. So you're talking about this is the first day, eight.  But people, unfortunately, one of them, that's why I'm telling you why you need believers. Because even though I don't have anything against my employee, I love all of them, I wish them all the best.  But there are certain people. They mix between their beliefs and between what other people say. So for example, you have something you're truly believe in and your friends and family, they are.  You're wrong. Are you doing it or not? Believe is more important than anything in the world. So that's why I want to take the the inshallah, the successful journey of lazy way.  I want to take only believers. I don't want to be... I don't want to get any person in crazy way who doesn't believe in these words.  Because we will go through dark days. In these dark days, you want people to stick to each other. I was telling my sisters, no, I need you.  I need you. I know you are believers. But anyway, I was really sad, but I got this immunization that prevented me to collapse because I lost people.  I got any familiar with this situation. People, they come and go. You wish certain people they stay with you until the end of the journey.  But you see the value of the people. Some of the people actually around you, I was really impressed by them.  I didn't think they will stick in lazy weight. And actually, one time, the beginning of 2023, we were not able to actually deposit salaries.  And one of the people here, his name is Parson, working with us in the Technical Support Department. He's working, he's living in a hazard.  Asa to the mom, we have talking about two hours. He has no money for his gas to commute to the office.  And I was stressful, one of the things that people, I was telling all the people around you, around me.  If I am stressed, and you are not stressed, try to be patient with me. If you are stressed, I'm telling you, I will try my best to understand.  People's trust and fighting each other, this will make the company collapse. So I was in a stressful situation. I was handling money.  I'm trying one of my mistakes. I was trying to make the company work without doing this through the share.  I don't know if this is a good strategy or bad strategy. Maybe this is the strategy, make the company stay together.  But I don't know, maybe it's bad. I don't know. So I was trying to handle the financial stress myself, making the people work, handling the clients, going forward.  But this guy was telling them, okay, we lost most of our employees. Every single person expected to come to the office.  Ask them, said, I don't have money for that. I told them, I was really really stressed. I remember, I said, I don't care.  I have to come to the office. The CTO, I said, no. He can work from home. He said, no.

1:29:03 - Tahani Duwieb
  This is my question. I would like to ask you a thought. Why you did not offer them to Archimodle?

1:29:11 - Asad - Lazywait
  I will tell you something.

1:29:12 - Tahani Duwieb
  to retain the people.

1:29:14 - Asad - Lazywait
  I will tell you something. If you are suffering from religion, you will fail. Okay? You need people more around you or less.

1:29:27 - Tahani Duwieb
  God, God, mean this. If you are regardless of their physical existence, if they are existing beside me physically or not, I need their support and their value.

1:29:40 - Asad - Lazywait
  Let me you something. I don't believe in online. It's a culture. It's a stupid culture. I don't believe in.  Even in a mosque or a massacre, Berg say, we are actually... This is something really stupid. We are a human.  God Allah, Hleganah to communicate with each other, not a throw, I'm sorry, physical things. So, I'll tell you something about Saudi Aramq.  My oldest brother, Yurankar Vaid, he said, I'm quoting him, we were doing meetings to follow up for another meeting.  It's kind into an infinite loop. Follow with people. So, time, you lose time. We are in a tough situation.  We need all to collaborate at the same time. Okay, if you are working and you need to communicate with somebody, he's not to become a different woman or he's doing, actually, no, it's not a good strategy.  So, what I believed, we were in a tough situation. I don't need to call up. I need to say, or a person.  We have this and this. I don't need to find a phone or send an email, we need to execute right away.  If you're in COVID, not every single people aligning with this. There is a people, I don't any say people wrong, but there are certain people, they have responsibility, accountability.  They do their work, but not everybody. I was doing the follow up meetings at the end of the day during COVID.  Some of the employees, they don't even change the color of their slides. They are saying the same thing. I don't have the time to follow up with all the employees saying this and this and I don't believe in online.  I told you about my story, I didn't complete this part. When I came back from the US, I was really comfortable working five hours, getting better salary than Saudi Iran.  Why I left? Why you think?

1:32:03 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Why? Because of fashion?

1:32:06 - Asad - Lazywait
  No, it's a boring. It's it. that you are locked in your room to do certain job every day. From your home, you're doing nothing.  It's part of your experience, enhanced that I'm for me, this guy is struggling with about two days. I can sit with him two minutes and fix the box and teach him something in two minutes.

1:32:37 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I started saying that you are at this stage when you're sort of pivoting your business and you want people next to you so that you guys can sit down and brainstorm and sort of work together because it's kind of important to have this collaboration with one another in one office, right?

1:32:56 - Asad - Lazywait
  35 employees out of nowhere. You're talking about about six, seven. And you have the customers in 70 cities in Saudi Arabia.  have issues, support, even if the whole teams work together to serve the customer tickets, it's not enough at that time.  So when we came together, we were saying, let's put our priorities. What is number one priority? We agreed, all of us, customer support.  At that time, customer support, I love this. Usually people, if they are suffering from pain, they try to solve it with the quickest thing they have.  So if you are having money, you will fix your problems with money. OK, we don't have money. money, but we have time.  have time when and the time we have is limited. So we said our number when a priority is actually to fix the customer support, we are going different.  Seven people, two, well. So me and Ali, the CTO, we're taking rotation over the customers support, the phone number.  So we were helping us to serve our customers. But from the technical side, we were working in a solution, an automation solution that the solution I talked about, where we can track the customer, track their issues of their issue with automation.  And it talked us about two months to achieve that. That's right now. Assam is working alone on the ticket.  Me and Ali were even not actually supporting them. So now we move from seven people serving the customer to one person.

1:35:13 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Okay.

1:35:15 - Asad - Lazywait
  And what happened to us? We became one heart. We became one heart. We know the struggle. We are actually flooded with tasks during that time.  But we know, caught in Steve Jobs. got a video a couple of days ago. He's talking about Apple. He said Apple is one giant corporate startup.  He's calling Apple startup. He said that I don't to micro-minator. every single person. What I need to do to communicate and make sure and trust the employees, trust the employee and they will do their tasks.  So what I'm trying to do, okay, let them work together. The communication part is they need to be closed.  I don't want you within 10 seconds. It's way better than delivering the message in one minute for your sister online.  10 seconds. have really big office here. So we have big office in here. But we are close to each other.  We're real. Okay. Sometimes. Can you do that? That this is.

1:36:51 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I like this one. When you pivot, it's important to be together.

1:36:56 - Tahani Duwieb
  Can we say I thought that you do believe that. First to face, communication is much more effective than the technological communication through any application or...  a way, yes. You do believe in that? So you insist for your employee to come physically to report to the office to perform the task together.  So you will avoid having misunderstanding about the task, ensure alignment between the team, ensure that the work is going smoothly in the right direction or in the right way, which you would like to go.

1:37:46 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, of course. I have experience, not myself, even with employees. One of the great people passed by Lazio Eit, name is Mohammed Abasha, his person  doing his PhD at Arizona State University. This is one of the people who has really great and high ethics.  I remember the last days he's working with us as an office type of work. His father, he was what they call a jtodar dying.  He was really sick. I remember one day he told me aside, I have to go home. father said, yes, okay, go home.  Stay with your father. I was staying at late. I opened the office leaving the office at 10 p.m. This guy in Ahmed, he's coming with his dinner at 10 p.m.  I told him, what are you doing? He said, I need to work for two hours. I left two hours early.  He was really great God. He really has really great effects. He was the one invented one of the greatest products in lazy weight without anybody to lend them to him to do that, the QR menu.  So the guy, when he went to US, because he's really smart, with high effects, I said, OK. So I'm working online during your end in US.  Things getting changed. Things you're working really hard, fulfilling customer need. He is being away. He don't know exactly what is the pain we are suffering because he's just the lion.  Sometimes me, myself, I'd be nice.

1:40:00 - Tahani Duwieb
  For example, you tell me, okay, I have exam this week, I cannot comment, okay.

1:40:05 - Asad - Lazywait
  And you have a bug in the solution that costing you customers, imagine. So people, they don't feel pain. One part of the communication is the gesture.  When I see you people, I know, for example, you are listening, you are actually aligning with me, but without saying that people know, they don't share a pain.  One time, yeah, any sharing, sharing our pain or sharing the knowledge, our communication is essential for the companies. It's number one, if you go to any kind of VC startup investor, they are looking for a team.  Let's say, let's say Tahani, just picking on you. Let's say you have 100 or 1 million South area. Okay, you have to, you have to start up to invest in.  When a startup in the React, next year home, they have an office, they have a great team next to you.  And another one is their team is a skater, one in Singapore, one in US, one in Europe, one in, I don't know where, where you comfortably, you will invest your money in, which one?

1:41:30 - Tahani Duwieb
  It's dependent on who has the highest potential return on investment.

1:41:35 - Asad - Lazywait
  This is right, but one thing, any, any investor will look at the team, how they are binding, how, how will you find out if they are binding together?  Maybe the first time they meet together and when a place, they have contracts. But when you go to a team, you visit them.  and you see how they are working, they have potential idea. It's, you have return, you're talking about return of investment, that's something, not something really any secure, something in the future, you don't know, they are, you're going to have that return of investment or not.  But the reality you have, this is one thing you can see, right, right, what way you can make a judgment on.

1:42:29 - Tahani Duwieb
  Right, I agree with you, but usually the highest return on investment coming from the risky company. Right?

1:42:43 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Yes, but there are multiple factors that you look at also like market potential, the quality of the product, team is important, but it's not the only.

1:42:54 - Asad - Lazywait
  Let me, let me, me paraphrase the question. You're selling to a product in South Africa. The Arabia, you're investing in a company, nobody is working from site.  Arabia versus a company working in the same industry, good team. And they know the culture of the market, they are selling their products on.  And you can see them, you can talk to them, you can verify them, which one you will go for.

1:43:22 - Tahani Duwieb
  The one who is verifiable for me.

1:43:25 - Asad - Lazywait
  The people usually, their agenda, it's getting changed. And their environment will change the way they behave. This guy is Mohammed.  I was being patient, he said, I have a major, I have kid issue, I have the near. When, when, when I'm retraining about to arrive, I was  expecting Muhammad to work 100% of his time. What happened is that, oh, I'm having a vacation.

1:44:08 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'm going to Disney World with my family.

1:44:11 - Asad - Lazywait
  He came back. He went somewhere else. if you have Yani, it's... Who can you? Possibly you will find right people to work online.  Best for me for a startup with smaller resources. You don't have money. You don't have fun. You are investing on your time.  Time is more precious than anything else. So, I want to protect my time. One great example on these kind of things that you put yourself into a person.  He came or she came to the organization. You equip them. You train. and then you do everything and they just leave.  leaving, there is more chance people to leave the company if they are working online.

1:45:13 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Yeah, and why did those eight people leave? Was it because of the money issue or were there contracts?

1:45:21 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, money issue, yeah. We will not be able to submit their salaries for three months.

1:45:30 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'm sorry, I mean, there is a noise voice for me. But here it's heavily raining, there is thousands and lightning.  I'm sorry if there is a noise in the noise.

1:45:43 - Asad - Lazywait
  No, no, are you?

1:45:46 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'm not sure. I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

1:45:52 - Asad - Lazywait
  sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. sorry.

1:45:57 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We are not having that if we don't Schedule each we we PACAR 1's Catar 2- take off learning careers?

1:46:16 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Same in Dubai. was Fl UX Were cars, like, in uncleio?

1:46:24 - Asad - Lazywait
  Wow.

1:46:24 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Wow, I love raining. System for, for, you know, taking the water away from the road. There's just no sewage, proper sewage.

1:46:33 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, I love raining. I love the snowing. I used to live for eight years and a half in the US.  I love cold water. Where I love all of us.

1:46:45 - Tahani Duwieb
  love to do it. All of us, because we are from case, we are suffering.

1:46:51 - Asad - Lazywait
  know, except me. Yeah, I know that there are people love hot weather. I hope that They ask me, if you go back in time, you go to Iowa and Chicago, I say, yes.  Actually, I tell them it's one of the thing, yeah, any fun things in life, that you experiment things that you are not used to do.  So, I'm living in a hot region, go to cold. If I'm living in a cold, I will go to hot.

1:47:25 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Yeah, my case.

1:47:27 - Tahani Duwieb
  That's why we have too much tourists in the learner.

1:47:31 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, yeah.

1:47:32 - Tahani Duwieb
  They are enjoying the hot weather there.

1:47:35 - Asad - Lazywait
  I love it during winter, go back to go to my car, shuffle the snow from the car, stay in the car, turn on the heater, wait until the ice melts around the windshield.  It is fun.

1:47:51 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Nice. Nice. we talk about the resources again? We were running out of mining by that time when they left.  And how did you solve this? Were there like angel investor supporting or did you manage to secure some investments?  Finally, how is this whole wood strut?

1:48:14 - Tahani Duwieb
  I would like to add to the question of Ayla. Do you have any other capital other than the human resources?  For only the human capital, it's the only capital in lazy weight as a startup company.

1:48:30 - Asad - Lazywait
  Of course, we are running on a subscription model. So we have ARR. So every single month, we have renewals of sub-recryption.  We got some money to, it's barely covering the operation cost. So how much it was in the market? I've earned in 1.5 million South Korea a year from the new world.

1:49:00 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Is it like growing? But what's the growth rate or is it kind of flat? How does it look?

1:49:05 - Asad - Lazywait
  That's the beginning of this year was a flood. Because of some other regions, actually, a lot of business in the closed this year, There is statistics actually get published couple of months ago about the businesses of closures in Saudi Arabia.  This year, more than 400,000 businesses was closed in Saudi Arabia for so many reasons. So we first customer because of closures.  also customer before because of competitors. So one main issues we're suffering is the competitor. The competitor, they are getting their money and they are not working on their growth.  They are working on their numbers. So when they are doing, they are often... bring their products and services for free to allow for their numbers.  So even they go to our customers and for example, we have a customer, they have six months remaining of their license.  They buy their, our license from them and they sign them a commitment for two years. So this is a huge challenges here for us.  I will go back to the question.

1:50:27 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  What was the question? So the question was, how did you manage? So you have the funds that cover your operational costs after these like people left and then, or not, how does it work?

1:50:41 - Asad - Lazywait
  So what do you think, what happened if we reduce the head count? What happened to LazyWet? Some bad happens, but there is good thing you happen.

1:50:52 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Well, when you get less money spent on salaries, which is good. Exactly. Exactly.

1:51:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  If now we have six people, we reduce our salaries from a quarter of a million monthly to 60,000. This is full time.  So right now, I didn't do any audited statement yet. Okay, but I generated a report statement, a profit and loss statement for this year.  We are minus 157 until this moment. And we have November and December, the annual recurring revenue for this, not a new customer.  So if I get the customer, I didn't do the homework yet. So if I go to our system and calculate the annual recurring revenue, they will come during the month of November and December and put it in the statement.  I think most likely if we are not profitable we are a breakeven.

1:52:06 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Good, so is it just the licenses that they pay for and you don't get any charge from the transaction yet, right?

1:52:15 - Asad - Lazywait
  And not yet. How does it work? Yeah, so we are working on converting these people. We are actually handling almost one billion Saudi real a year from our customers.  So the total number of not the value, the total value transactions happening in our PO assistant is worth one billion Saudi real.  Imagine you are getting buoyant 2%.

1:52:50 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Good.

1:52:52 - Asad - Lazywait
  That's why that's what we are heading for.

1:52:56 - Tahani Duwieb
  Okay, and currently you are still not missing this commission.

1:53:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes, if we convert all our customers right now, we are talking about almost 1 million Saudi Arabia can be generated out of the transactions without sub-scriptions.

1:53:11 - Tahani Duwieb
  1 million period. Yes. 1 million period considering same number of transactions.

1:53:21 - Asad - Lazywait
  So I'm so confident. And if we didn't reach profitable stage by December, most likely and definitely were rated at the beginning of the first quarter next year.  It's a good thing. And I always, and sometimes when you lose people, you think this is the end of the world.  You put yourself in a sad situation. Once you pass that stage and you look at the overall picture, said, I'm going to love.  Yes.

1:53:57 - Tahani Duwieb
  people, people, if it is.

1:54:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  Even people they left, they left in a good term and they are helpful. company only 3% they raise cases against us in the midst of labor.

1:54:13 - Tahani Duwieb
  And it wasn't.

1:54:15 - Asad - Lazywait
  The remaining of the people, actually two of them, they converted their end of service benefits and to shares and lays away.

1:54:27 - Tahani Duwieb
  Great.

1:54:27 - Asad - Lazywait
  And I have remaining 10 people I need to settle up with them before the end of. We signed them agreement that they will not take any legal action until the end of 2013.  So we have.

1:54:47 - Tahani Duwieb
  We loan about 600,000 real.

1:54:54 - Asad - Lazywait
  As 1 million beginning over a year, we handle most of the month. We can bring money. I have no issue bringing money to LazyWet.  I can bring the investment. And what I was doing this all year, but not anymore, I will not bring a single hella-lateralist LazyWet until we become profitable.  Then we will offer an investment in LazyWet. I'm not gonna do it anymore. That's why even what I like, and this is the team you're talking about, I was in a tough situation, and I was in a weak situation.  I was looking for any solution. I got an offer from an investor that they want to lend us money for 10% profit.

1:55:45 - Tahani Duwieb
  Is this from bank?

1:55:48 - Asad - Lazywait
  No, not from bank. The city all said, I'm sticking with you guys. But if you will take that money, I'm out.  And then I see it. I felt threatened, but then when I said myself, no, these people are the billers of lazy weight.  They don't want to get into trouble. They believe in that they help with the health and retaining the health of the lazy weight.  And I was really happy. glad he challenged me. Because now we can stand lazy weight. And had. Last month I sold subscriptions for 70,000 real.  So I was really happy. Any team is getting better. are aligning with each other. People helping people from development team.  are trying to, are stealing as well. Yeah. I'm changing the model even in SideAka at the company. even, not only sales people, get commission for sale.

1:56:56 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Even any person lazy weight they can. It's good. We did the same for Platinum List for operations team. They bring deals anyway and you say, hey, now you're rewarded and they start actively selling them.  talking to more friends, asking who you can recommend and it works as a referral system, like active referral system.

1:57:21 - Tahani Duwieb
  Okay, now I thought you have three years plans or five years plans. How long have you been one month a plan?  Okay, so this is what you are putting your expectations that we will in Chala have all these investors as a potential subscribers and your service if not by the end of this year and at the beginning of the next year.  Yeah, I need this. expectations based on what?

1:58:02 - Asad - Lazywait
  Based on our accounting system. And the TRB system, killer costal, hangman, purchases, purchases,-secrications, feeding, automatically feeding to our ERB solution and accounting system.  So based on the internal statements of lazy weight, we are breaking even. And definitely we are breaking even now.  But making a profit definitely for next quarter and shall I know next year. When I'm talking about one goal for me at this stage, that's why I'm telling you I don't have a prediction or forecasting or I need to bring one major person to lazy weight.  This is what we next after we break even and make a profit. is a branding CFO to laserweight. I don't have CFO.  Well, this is the number one. I'm not intended to hire any person in laserweight at all. No customer service, technical people, sales people, but I have intention to bring CFO.  After I, this is what, yeah, mean, so I need a CFO who can read the number trying to help and aligning the company and bringing more cash flow to the company.  And then we decide which, which other areas that we need to enhance. So it's a bigger problem since day one, we don't have CFO.

1:59:51 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  So basically you have, you're working on the product to get it ready to start getting those subscriptions. then you need somebody who's good.  to the numbers who can help you to sort of transform the business model, maybe see where you can have the quick wins to get more cash and the sales you're handling yourself at the moment sort of.  Exactly. Okay and once the for example the money is like the break even is there, the CFO is there and you know you have your sort of somewhat break even.  How do you see it evolving? What's what's the kind of division there? Okay you have the money from investors for example but what's next?

2:00:37 - Asad - Lazywait
  Next, work on our growth basically. Brand awareness growth. Yeah, this is will be more into bringing different kind of people, they will help on that.  Yeah, will enhance our marketing and the brand awareness department and in financial department as well, customer support department. But one thing I will try to do as a CEO, as I told you before, our strengths is IT.  Whatever a new addition to lazy weight will pay 80% IT. Yeah, and if I bring CFO, CFO asking about, for example, team and the company.  I will challenge the CFO that anything he needs to achieve, we can achieve it for him by IT, by full automation.  So we're talking about the vision. Vision of lazy weight is to be a leader in automation. I'm talking about automation in both, in the industry we are serving, and also within inside the company.  So I'm not, open and lazy way to hire thousands of people. I want to prove that lazy way can be a unicorn company with the fewest number of people utilizing automation.

2:02:14 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  That's interesting.

2:02:16 - Tahani Duwieb
  Yeah, you're gonna build a system dedicated to automate the process for your customers and for yourself.

2:02:25 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes, yes. So one major things that are happening to lazy ways. We have really great product but all these years that product is well designed and really high quality for our customer but internally no we lack of great solution to handle, monitor, pin-troll our customers.  When Mr. Abdissar came from Marin, I was really shocked. Marin, they got acquired for 60 million subscribers. Maria. Marin compared to Lezio, is way below an advancement in the work, even internally.  When he started working with me, I were getting him an onboarding program, and I was showing him the system of Lezio, and how well integrated is Lezio.  And I was showing him the ticketing system of Lezio. He said, what is that aside? So this is a ticketing system.  Tickets come with the logs, know, for who it submitted the ticket, which solution, which divides, what kind of exception getting for the system.  So you have all the knowledge how to resolve the problem, problem really fast. He told me, we're getting the customer to get daily through an Excel sheet.  So we have a really advanced ticketing system, CRN system integrated with a booking system, accounting system, ERB solution. eternally, we are seriously heading for full optimization.

2:04:19 - Tahani Duwieb
  Great. Okay. So why, Maren, could be considered in the market or maybe Maren, good share from the market bigger than basically.

2:04:40 - Asad - Lazywait
  I bet it's all about connections. And here I'm going back to the point I talked about. here in Eastern Europe, we don't have that much of attention.  That's what I was trying to do when I went to react six months, beginning of this year. connections connections.  Yeah, any Fae VC net war or full investor net war Still lazy wait my iPhone and us nobody knows lazy wait as much as marin for example marin started in real Okay And the market share bigger than us in real And now we started in the eastern province and in a market share and he even Hadelain I didn't see was just my customers running on marin for eastern province Marshall When I go to rya, yes, I see marin in rya Uh, that's why one one of the things and I decided the mentality is getting changed The mentor through what methylene in jerelle have all there is accelerator there is a methylene In highly and the garage they take all people through  Interpreneurship courses. Almonham, they teach them wrong things and mice in my point of view. The wrong thing in Wadi Lagadim, this is the things that LVC is doing.  Oh, well, my G-Lesht, you pitch your idea to V.C. Igois, Ilunesh, what is the business model? The first you pitch your business model, oh, you have Jajas, you're trying to compete with Jajas with Hangar station.  The thing I want to try to say, business is more complicated than anything and any person can can be.  For example, let's take China. China, the whole country, this is the great company and this is a great and I will will respect China.  They are running or in a business model it's all about copy paste they are copy based everything they are copy based in Google copy based in Amazon AWS Alibaba cloud I like super is Amazon we are in cars the cars industry five ten years ago there is no car Chinese cars in Saudi Arabia they are getting to you to and high-end I and European car out of their comfort zone they are running on copy paste if I'm trying to bring a solution that's really exist in the market and there is one joint in the market doesn't mean and I don't have potential well this is what are we seeing even in the beginning hunger station was number one is number is hunger station still number one  I'm sorry, Arabia. To you, the ships, all these, this is the market, the market adjusts itself by itself. In the official Zillamo Judet, from an article in Sartralas, and I have immune against VCs where they are saying.  You believe, I believe. You're not interested, don't even waste my time. What happened that I'm not approaching VCs anymore?  They do do do do diligence for two months with you. waste your time, and team, you're working with your customer, your both, with your employees, all the headaches around you, and they are wasting two months of your time, and then the market is saturated.  you're not investing, tell me from the beginning. Don't waste my time. But then, of course, there are so many things behind do diligence, monkey, and now care.  I need to do research about your point of sales, for you and I will hello I had an interpreter or I find an interpreter who gets all the insight and information looking for About I won't get really exactly any as she awarded young and if I'm Low any methyl and with art in the stuff.  I for example Ida Alba and and Shala became was here a step mark One of the rules and regulation.  I will but on the VCs they have to provide KP I to the government Okay, how many startups local startup your investment, okay?  Will an interest Afric century? You have mom dated next stuff shuffle. I'm especially Doctor. had good energy only day be a yeah, an hour after the most time auttig Zus guy to start in bed I'm also lower she cable after important.  It's a huge pain and there is no It transparency or form the VC's You know a lazy label we're invested where  Where do you invest outside the Kingdom, TV, and the of world, of the We invest in the local. We're still, we, there is the annual pains.  So, hierarchical entrepreneur is everywhere.

2:10:22 - Tahani Duwieb
  It's really painful. I'm getting around to this. Do you think at the beginning of our meeting today, you said they are insisting a lot that you have the most hard time to move with Eastern Region to react.  Do you think this will be a good opportunity for you? So, you can acquire a good share from the market.  can be close to the your customers. You can see monitor the market easily, identify areas. Maybe it's a good chance.  Do you think about it? Or there is a chance to leave in capacity in rotation?

2:11:05 - Asad - Lazywait
  A bad strategy of approaching customers is different to handle the pleasure. La Menet-Kellaman, if we talk about small to medium size enterprises, when the guy has one job, two jobs, three jobs, even 10, 20, their mindset is really difficult and hard.  So, one strategy that we were focusing started to focus on and lays away to acquire corporates. A corporates who has a thousand branch, these people is more business oriented.  You go and hit their pain points, good business case, you close with them. Right now... I started doing that.  One of the biggest names in Gather station, they sign in a contract, group of contracts, group of concept contracts, for 10 branches, 10 Gather stations for now.  They are comfortable with, they will, I think they have from 500 to 1000 Gather station, so they're in. This is different, I acquire such customer, one customer, like this, I'm doubling my number of clients.  Still, for networking, yes, if you network with the right people, yes, rehab will give you some advantage. But this event, unfortunately, 99% of them are worthless.  You go there, people have fun. Okay, sometime you don't have a opportunity to, to talk seriously, but it's a tool to break the eyes.  you would get connected with them. The old was the number one challenging thing in the life of a start of an entrepreneur is your time.  Some time there was like two weeks ago during JITEX. Elena you were invited so I went way out.

2:13:21 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I was actually in Moscow one last week so I was back home so I skipped that one.

2:13:27 - Asad - Lazywait
  I was in a way out but I could not find the chances in exactly exactly this is what what I'm saying for you have big big event so consider it a global event JITEX.  I'm from IT. I was a promising myself a couple years ago I will not miss any JITEX ever. we just started with JITEX.  We didn't have a booth in there. Out of nowhere, the US Embassy have an event for startups they are bringing investors from US.  Same week with JITAs. Later on, Munchak, have event, Molta Carosa, 10KDA, CAO gatherings for Southeast companies. Later on, Molta Carosa technology, Foreign by Minister Abdullah Sohaha.  All of them, it happens during JITAs. So, where to go? For me, because I had any private invitation for Molta Carosa, I decided to go to Rio.  I regret, I wish I can go back in time to go to Dubai. But anyway, one great thing happened to technology forum.  I was sitting there and the guy announcing said they were announcing Tapanese-Rudy, the only technology in new brand for companies going outside and approach the boundaries of Saudi Arabia.  And I was sitting there, we are about to announce 30 products from Saudi Arabia going outside Saudi Arabia. Said, okay, let me take a video.  I feel there is something special about to happen. They brought the $30 brand, way to have those some food.  We are, they have a new brand. was there and You membership in Saudi Rata Surudiyya Ministry of Communication and Buncha Art.  They call it Tukni Aserudiyya, if I can show you. Called Tukni Aserudiyya, we are selected to be one of the companies that actually has the membership of Tukni Aserudiyya, of I, Shekran and Shekran.  Hostess, Hostess disabled to you to Shekran. And for you, Shekran, I'm going to give you the link.

2:16:33 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Just a sec, I'll try to change it. I'm not sure how to do it from a night bath. Maybe I can make your host and then you can share it.  Then get in. Here we go. Start.
  SCREEN SHARING: Asad started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Z2K_x9-n4Q-xLzPA61tw1hH_C3CKD1TK?timestamp=8217.076706

2:17:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  Oh, this one Saudi tech Saudi took we are part of the membership says the way to So Riva, this is a competitor I didn't have a chance I feel to go over them, but Riva is a competitor Now this is a new achievement to laser weight we have a lot of achievements if you go to my profile You can also see Lately This one We are ranked number 29 on Deloitte report on the fastest technology companies in the Middle East This is beginning of this year You go here open it you see it right?  Yeah, there is a video here if you open the video Yeah, we have a decent weight achievement So, let's away.

2:18:02 - Tahani Duwieb
  And I believe this is very good chance to market or to position your rank on the market.

2:18:12 - Asad - Lazywait
  Basically, you have two hands. You need 200 hands. Your lack of resources, your lack of human resources, money and everything.  Before we were putting our money in Google Ads, we changed the strategy now. Branding money. Which in there is a band new chart, they have a program to pay for your marketing.  And fortunately, since two years ago, we are part of the moment chart. They are a great hope. But until now, we didn't get refunded for any single from the moment chart.  They have this refunding you. paying about 60% or 70% of your marketing campaign. from the events like the last event, Timeless.  We still didn't get paid back for our participation. So here we run into financial situation. We weren't able to submit salaries back then, beginning of this year.  We're barely covering the costs now. So putting extra money for things like branding, it might kill the company. And it might bring money to the company, but for this situation, I'm trying to be in the safe side better than to risk the company.  So here is one example.

2:19:56 - Tahani Duwieb
  is our dashboard.

2:19:58 - Asad - Lazywait
  This is integrated with with WhatsApp where we can monitor who's talking to Shatbot here for example. It's a full automation, people they send, they get response right away.  I can see for example people how many that is spoken as well. So I'm monitoring every single, not me, the whole company, monitoring everything.  So somebody needs action for example, we're flagging, need action, need action. This is somebody needs to take action attachments to be one day ago.  So this is the automation we're talking about, we're working on injecting Shat GBT to more aggressive to read the contents, the  test of the conversation, read everything, trying to come up with the solution and also we are actually doing the marketing campaign through the WhatsApp.  We are integrated with WhatsApp, we send template messages to the customer, we get the when they get interacted with the message, we send them more materials, we call it customer or nurturing customer, nurturing.  We're trying to acquire customers, we're trying to communicate with them. This is the platform we are building it to be at the universal platform for marketing and sales and customer support.

2:21:45 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Asa, do you think you could share some kind of presentations, maybe something that you did for investors or some sales presentations that we can also kind of use for our turn- I can't say something about the customer.

2:22:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  the company profile. Yeah. Since a year ago, I told you I didn't do any presentation. When I went to CEO Forum in Riyadh two weeks ago, I was in technology forum.  I'm a JetKan, CEO Forum. There is about 20 minutes away from each other. He called me, I'm just, he called me.  You know that we are supposed to pitch as you wait in there. I have an upload, nobody told us.  We don't have even pitched it already obsolete. I went to Amjad. He was in the middle of the pitching.  said, I'm dead, I'm sorry. Can I take the podium and say, OK. I told the investors and they forget about everything Amjad is saying, I'm pitching something else.  I'm pitching the soft beyond us. Just imagine how many what are sorry. and how many cars in Rio they are right now delivering communities food products and they are handling cash.  Imagine how many millions, hundreds of millions right now just on bicycles motorbikes, and cars traveling in Rio. Just imagine you have a solution to get rid of the cash and you'll get commission out of it.  That's what I'm actually forget about it. There is only 24 companies certified by Sama and by Saudi payment to do that.  Visuet is one of them. Marked is Zopic, okay. Every single company will go aggressive secure deals with big names.  So I'm thinking about Hangar station, Jaa has NAPL, Subbo, all these logistics companies do. Any company who has a driver and collects money from customer, they are qualified for this project.  Just imagine how many drivers and organizations, how many drivers and Jaa has, the market has.

2:24:31 - Tahani Duwieb
  I know it's agreed with you, the market is really huge, especially in the food market. It's really huge, the cash flow there is moving fastly, not like any other industry.  But I mentioned a curious question about how good is the fight from Sama. It's easy to get the fight from Sama.

2:25:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  and their requirements in the really tough. It took us one year.

2:25:05 - Tahani Duwieb
  One year?

2:25:06 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, I need just imagine the actual implementation or technical implementation takes one, two months and the legal side of getting certified it takes up to one year.  And we started one year ago, we started one year ago. I don't know if nothing that they apply. Recently they get their certification faster or not.  I haven't looked at it. You know, the main issue that there is a lot of ideas for sandbox. The home guiding is a one in the regulation for new ideas.  Any bioities, enemies were in the met for art, in met for art. They meant switch were the first. any type of fintech they got regulation for?  They need to have their work of law to get companies certified. I think there is a huge demand on them that makes them taking so long to certified companies.

2:26:25 - Tahani Duwieb
  I remember as well from Sam as a continuous object. Every couple of months, every quarter there is a new requirement rate.  You have to comply. You have to prove that you are in compliance with this and that etc.

2:26:42 - Asad - Lazywait
  We have a certification in the Hireh Naha. The certification we got from Sam and Saudi payment, they call it MSP software as Martian to provide their soft fields.  We run an payment solution through a technology partner. We are not developing the technology for the software. Our technology partner who near pay, some are near pay.

2:27:18 - Tahani Duwieb
  Near pay, who technology partner, how much money is in the industry? GEDIA?

2:27:26 - Asad - Lazywait
  No, GEDIA is big, right? GEDIA running, guy, near pay. Near pay, if you don't know near pay, start searching them.  Write them in an amazing start-ups in the product of the SIRUDIA. Near pay, software, basically, you know what software is?

2:27:51 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I don't think it's important. have a conversation and then you have this for the US solution. But how is it working?  I'm going to with the chain.

2:28:01 - Tahani Duwieb
  And then it's told inside this POS.

2:28:03 - Asad - Lazywait
  So, Soft POS, basically it's a B-Soft software. You can put on the cell phone, on the cell phone, or sorry.

2:28:17 - Tahani Duwieb
  the program is told in the machine or even on this machine.

2:28:24 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes. Basically, this B-Soft software will enable you to process payment. For example, you are a driver. You deliver in food.  When you go to a customer who didn't pay online, you need to handle cash, right? Or you have device like this.  This device is very expensive, okay, where it's very difficult to acquire device like this. What we can do, we can issue a soft POS.  And we can download the payment software on your private food. So, you go to the customer, you deliver the food, you let the customer tab on your private phone.

2:29:15 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  And that's it.

2:29:16 - Tahani Duwieb
  And this software, on and by the way.

2:29:20 - Asad - Lazywait
  This software, actually we have 24 companies, they have their own. But the piece of software inside to handle the money is developed by a company called NIRPAY.

2:29:34 - Tahani Duwieb
  Okay. Your own car software is owned by NIRPAY, car. That's the interesting, interlinked software with NIRPAY owned by Lidewit.  It's an interlinked software.

2:29:51 - Asad - Lazywait
  Every single company from the 24, they have their own payment application. Inside all of these companies. companies, the software to handle the money and the connection between the bank and Saudi payment and central bank is a piece of software inside our software from NIRB.

2:30:12 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Okay, it's like an integration solution.

2:30:17 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yes, so their business model, NIRB for every device, activated the GUT 15 Re-alamance. Okay.

2:30:28 - Tahani Duwieb
  Okay.

2:30:29 - Asad - Lazywait
  Then, laser weight, we have agreement with the banks. And if you want to activate one device, there is a three parties needs to activate the device.  You're talking about SAMMA, Banker-Marquessee, NIRB and laser weight. Each one of these partners, the issue three digit number, you gather all of them.  Okay. Agreement between me and near Bay near Bay Biaacad 15. Reon bird device between me and the bank. We are running on.  We call it profit share agreement. Okay. The profit share agreement say, okay, the cost of media transaction is about 0.8%.  Sorry, the fees is 0.8. The cost is 0.6. So the profit is going to. The point to is shared between lazeway and between the bank.

2:31:41 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  They don't own our agreement.

2:31:44 - Asad - Lazywait
  Some of the agreement is 5050. Some of them is 5545. did. that's what we are heading for. So one of our customers.  Yeah, and one of the restaurants. In our affiliate, he makes about 25,000 real. Today, I need to tell him, and about 150, Prophet Al-Aqin al-Munah transactions have about 150 real day.  Who glad it was a licensed 2300 year? And I'm the famous Prophet Al-Aqin at real year versus the National Security Department and the National Security Department.  I'm a manager. Best definitely.

2:32:33 - Tahani Duwieb
  Actually, I'm thinking about how much the bankers generate the Prophet. I believe they are generating too much.

2:32:42 - Asad - Lazywait
  Yeah, a lot.

2:32:43 - Tahani Duwieb
  lot.

2:32:45 - Asad - Lazywait
  What is more complicated than this? I mean, once we started to go and try to convince our customers to use our solution and devices, it's a nightmare.  So some of these businesses One of the biggest problems here in Saudi Arabia, if you are having a government job, you go to the bank and you're asking for a loan, oh, they will give you what you would like to do to get.  I don't know, half a million, you will get half a million or even a million sometime as a virtual loan.  But imagine you are a business going to the bank and telling the bank, I want to get a loan to get another or build another branch.  No, they will not get you. The only thing for them to give you a loan, they will say, okay, the only thing I will give you this device, you need to use it and I will get a percentage out of your sales from this device.  Let's imagine that you have business that you haven't used this device ever like laser with. This is one of our business.  issues in Lizzway. Customers buy their licenses through what? Through money gateway from online. They go to our website or from Apple Bay and app purchases, Google app purchases or online through our provider, the Hubei task, money gateway.  So we don't have the transactions from this. So if we go to the bank, the bank they don't give us anything.  But if you are a restaurant, we would like to open another branch. You want to get one million. They sign you a contract that you will use this device and they will give you money.  If Lizzway go to our restaurants who assign contract for a loan using these devices, we cannot convert them to Lizzway.  But it is a fear complication. Yes, yes. This is the bart of Zegulif. It's stressful, it's challenging, it's fun as well.  I think it's a very I think it's successful group of people, team, product, in a successful stage. Even our competitors, I will respect Mafel and Ahmadineh, you respect the maran, I respect.  But, yeah, I mean, it's not easy journey. If you achieve a successful stage, it's an animal, I don't believe any...  I believe in luck about, I don't know, 10%, 90% of your effort. I'm hard-working guy. You work, you get.  Okay? It's painful. What you continue to work, you will get and you will achieve what you're trying to get.

2:36:20 - Tahani Duwieb
  Thank you, thank you. From my side, I have asked all the questions in my mind. Thank you very much for your patience.  don't know, but I'd like to ask anything.

2:36:41 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I think it's an actual question. I suggest that we digest this, create the first draft and we share it with you, show what we have and then maybe we find that we missed some information.  we will kindly ask it to share. more details. But for now I think we have something to work with.  Yeah.

2:37:06 - Tahani Duwieb
  We have a heavy talker I talk a lot, right? La la la la, la la la. La la la la la This is my husband's mom's house.  And then maybe right here. So I'm really impressed. Like we can tell our father can still see their time.

2:37:29 - Asad - Lazywait
  Jamie, I'm sorry. Jamie.

2:37:31 - Bader Allahyani
  You're calling.

2:37:32 - Muhammed Yusuf Sahin
  sorry.

2:37:33 - Bader Allahyani
  Really interesting. They're hearing you know, I'm sorry.

2:37:37 - Asad - Lazywait
  Shall I, I'm sorry.

2:37:38 - Bader Allahyani
  I'm sorry.

2:37:39 - Asad - Lazywait
  sorry. I'm sorry.

2:37:42 - Tahani Duwieb
  They're talking about. We don't know they are. If you were in a reality, I'm sorry. It's me. Who will be there for our class.  And then.

2:37:50 - Asad - Lazywait
  Oh, he, yeah. it's all out here. We are. He is related to fanta, well, related to food, most likely an acone.  I will sometimes bear the invitation if I have been awicklish choice. It's like a big event because it's a junkie.  I be how can you be I go to our officially awards-CCAaclysm tour created by Monchay animation which picked in twenty, Saudi Arabia, they go and embrace single cities.  I think next month there is one in Riyadh, so we feel that she is in town if you know, November, For Riyadh as well.  Yeah, fish are not watching, but it's a big mistake. I think why don't have to work because of Muslim.

2:38:52 - Tahani Duwieb
  Yeah, it's big problem.

2:38:54 - Asad - Lazywait
  Nah, also in Riyadh. think it's a big problem.

2:38:57 - Tahani Duwieb
  I think it's a big problem.

2:39:00 - Asad - Lazywait
  So are you living in Rial?

2:39:01 - Tahani Duwieb
  It was a lot, but we can't have the situation. We'll the smile back to the wister.

2:39:07 - Asad - Lazywait
  It's a different situation. One time last year. And I usually, when I went to Rial six months, I usually, I start my car around this time.  I hit the highway to Rial. When I'm going to Rial, I call one of the hotels I live in.  Hey, Flann, book me for nights. I remember that night, I called him said, oh, are you crazy? said, why?  It's the middle beast.

2:39:40 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Oh!

2:39:42 - Asad - Lazywait
  Or maybe best of luck. You find any ablest to live in. Yeah, and I swear. Bookings. Gatherin. Air B and B.  Every single booking website there is no place. For three hours I was looking from apartments to apartments. There is no, the only thing I found in Airbnb is what they call it.  Caraval, Caravano. I don't know. This is the mobile track.

2:40:16 - Tahani Duwieb
  It has a big side inside it.

2:40:18 - Asad - Lazywait
  I was, I'm not going to live in a street. Wait, after one hour later, oh, maybe this is the last option.  I went into the website, it's booked already. I called all my friends. I want just to crash one night.  I was looking for places in North Rio anywhere, two hours away from Rio. I didn't find any place. I called the last call, one of my friends.  Hey, my friend. Please, please tell me you didn't bring your family with you to Rio this week. Because all the families, it's what during vacation.  And most of the people working on Rial, they bring their family during the Muslim Rial. He said, you're lucky.  And they were thinking to come with me this week, okay, I'm gonna sleep with you. We then have Salty and Yani, Al-Asar for Rial, it goes from 2x to 3x.  Yani, 18, Kailimen and Shay, it's lot of material, real, at least 900 real. It's really, Rial is still not ready for such an event.  This is my opinion. Even the quality of service they are providing for the money. Maybe Elena, you find out you can't compare between Dubai.  between reality. Very hard to find good accommodation and the way they serve is just it's always like I mean you always have to teach them how to do things but yeah with time if they will change I hope.  And I'm Sharkeen we are participating in an event called Food Expo supposed to be in November.

2:42:22 - Tahani Duwieb
  The last two weeks ago then we get to this email we are sorry the event was cancelled it's a big event in food and in industry we are capitalizing on and when of the events we are actually putting money to participate and they they canceled it because of a real season there is no accommodation nothing maybe even a real upfront wasn't available for them actually there is maybe more important event to host and now now to resolve this issue between the overlapping between the events and festivals now they are creating a centralized committee to make sure that the schedule there is no overlap in the events of the schedule of X and Y at same time to make sure that the  The roots capacity can accommodate a number of people coming, the hotels, rooms, the numbers, the rooms available in the hotel can accommodate a number of targeted people.  There are such kind of alignments between different countries.

2:43:16 - Asad - Lazywait
  They need to operate as soon as possible their subway.

2:43:21 - Tahani Duwieb
  They are showing their big, let's just say size of them.

2:43:25 - Asad - Lazywait
  One of the villages and I was on Riyadh two weeks ago, character, Faniya. I arrived at the location on time.  I spent one hour to look for a parking. If you are suffering from a parking issue, why you host a place in where they were hosting in four season in the Kingdom Tower?  Go to North Korea, go something really far. Yeah, I know it's. challenging thing, they need to overcome even even seamless and seamless.  We are participating. We have a booth in there. We arrived with our equipment. We are carrying all our equipment, markings in a front of Riyadh, front was empty and they make us to go for where, you know, the earth cafe.  We parked there. We are carrying our things. We are one of the exhibitors. Once we reached in front, the front parking was really empty and there was a security, just laying off of his chairs and where there was an angry guy in front of me.  He said, what are you doing? Parking cars empty and you were making us going all the way there. And I wasn't trying to even to speak, but I  I listened to that guy who was angry, he left me with more pressure. we are exhibitor, exhibitor, and we are carrying all of our things from all these spaces.  This is for the Ivy. Come on. When you got into events, for example, any events in Saudi Arabia, even inside Kingdom Tower, when people they leave the parking, they go wrong side.  Imagine you're going wrong side inside the Kingdom Tower. I talk two hours to get outside, just I wanna go outside.  This is happening all the time in Saudi, there is no people, organization level, they are not equipped with right skills to handle such big events.  Seamless. Seamless. There was no water, no air conditioning. They brought Adelen, what they call it, Sahrawin, AC, affordable ACs, more than 150 ACs.  Still, I wish, I wish, what we believe in. You start where people end. It's not a shameful to bring these talents that handle all these big events around the world.  Real, real, having more potential than any countries in the Middle East. Nobody gets side by it, but imagine you bring people from all over the world.  And this is the experience.

2:46:46 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  No, Sanght.

2:46:47 - Asad - Lazywait
  Seamless. not seamless leap, not last the before. they bring Louis Vigo, the player soccer.

2:47:08 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Restaurants are miserable, slightest warming bull.

2:47:12 - Asad - Lazywait
  We will go outside to go to the bathroom. No water, nothing. I agree, he was terrible, like they couldn't even get me properly to the place.  The taxi stopped in the middle so excited every year to go and see the improvement. Unfortunately, even Eastern and Province, I don't know about Jidde.  How can you guys, you are more experienced with events in Jidde.

2:47:46 - Tahani Duwieb
  Eastern and Province in the Haran Expo, since years, they are more advanced than any events happening in the Royal.  I know what's happening, what's Who will be Why are countries warm? You 267 MPs!

2:48:43 - Asad - Lazywait
  You Yeah! you think? It'saining globally any numbers are Face this... It's really different in it. It's better. I wish you any eye-whip.  growing from phenomena here.

2:49:04 - Tahani Duwieb
  former region beside theunts instead.

2:49:08 - Asad - Lazywait
  It went dedicated clan I totally agree with you.

2:49:36 - Tahani Duwieb
  And my great pleasure to talk to you for a while. The time is going fastly. We still need to talk more.  We have next meeting each other to discuss what I think after we draft. Then you can add your important side comments feedback from your end.  And if we missed area, we did not reflect the fact in the right way. And you will be happy to hear from us.

2:50:10 - Asad - Lazywait
  Of course, but anytime you come to the Eastern province, other than our office is your number point. Anytime you come to the Eastern province, the Mam or how about our office?  Maybe you should be, and we visit our place first. By the way, when I saw that, I just realized today, before the meeting, that the meeting is for two hours.  I was a question, what we will be talking about two hours.

2:50:44 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  I was told that I know you and I was like, we will have enough. I'm like, okay, but you say I was too optimistic about you.  was just realized that I am a talker.

2:50:56 - Tahani Duwieb
  Shall effort and happy population. It's interesting talking to you, Oiyanyu. And we are always bothering you with our questions.

2:51:06 - Asad - Lazywait
  It's a good question. This is one of the things that's fun. I'm talking about starting. Talking to people is actually giving you any pleasure to talk with people and honor to talk to people.  Yeah, I love talking to people. love to communicate with people.

2:51:23 - Tahani Duwieb
  I'm sorry, Oiyanyu, person I talk to, they get to do stuff. A lot of people to talk to people.

2:51:31 - Muhammed Yusuf Sahin
  Thanks a lot for today. I'll say it is really great pleasure to listen to you.

2:51:36 - Asad - Lazywait
  It's a great...

2:51:36 - Muhammed Yusuf Sahin
  All time with this chance again.

2:51:38 - Asad - Lazywait
  InshaAllah.

2:51:39 - Muhammed Yusuf Sahin
  InshaAllah.

2:51:42 - Tahani Duwieb
  Okay.

2:51:42 - Alla Dynko (alladynko@gmail.com)
  Everyone have a wonderful evening.

2:51:46 - Asad - Lazywait
  You too.

2:51:47 - Muhammed Yusuf Sahin
  Thank you.

2:51:57 - Tahani Duwieb
  You